telefynaConfiguration/README.md, before:

c# Telefyna Configuration

This project contains a client side application for managing Telefyna's configurations which includes programming/scheduling

## TODO
- [ ] support php receivers on exporting config
- [ ] create a qa testing framework to ensure the ui generator works well
- [ ] add current/previous/next program tracking on the schedule preview | Not necessary
- [x] write a way to share system errors with admin and attach auditLog and periodical logs
- [x] test out videoView/lowerThirds again with the view last on graphics.xml
- [x] graphics audit
- [x] schedule to contain graphics, if replays isn't set. the ticker will show all through
- [x] handle defaults to match with android
- [x] support graphics configuration
- [x] fix or support caching config on client side
- [x] fill up colors for proceeding slots
- [x] Build entire schedule preview
- [x] Binding config.json to dom elements in memory
- [x] Import & export config.json
- [x] Automation, Notification Disabling triggering etc
- [x] Adding playlists
- [x] Scheduling & Editing playlists
- [x] Listing ordered playlists and rendering clones right
- [x] Delete playlist(s)
- [x] Realtime change config.json updating and validation

Commit message:

fixing usage of active and making it possible to override for playlists and schedules

telefynaConfiguration/README.md, after:

c# Telefyna Configuration

This project contains a client side application for managing Telefyna's configurations which includes programming/scheduling

## TODO
- [ ] put active check on scheduling for overriding, ensure inactive is out of preview
- [ ] support php receivers on exporting config
- [ ] create a qa testing framework to ensure the ui generator works well
- [ ] add current/previous/next program tracking on the schedule preview | Not necessary
- [x] write a way to share system errors with admin and attach auditLog and periodical logs
- [x] test out videoView/lowerThirds again with the view last on graphics.xml
- [x] graphics audit
- [x] schedule to contain graphics, if replays isn't set. the ticker will show all through
- [x] handle defaults to match with android
- [x] support graphics configuration
- [x] fix or support caching config on client side
- [x] fill up colors for proceeding slots
- [x] Build entire schedule preview
- [x] Binding config.json to dom elements in memory
- [x] Import & export config.json
- [x] Automation, Notification Disabling triggering etc
- [x] Adding playlists
- [x] Scheduling & Editing playlists
- [x] Listing ordered playlists and rendering clones right
- [x] Delete playlist(s)
- [x] Realtime change config.json updating and validation
